>> David Khourshid: Okay, yeah, so let's
quickly do the type state implementation.
So with the type state implementation,
what we want to notice is that we have
things like when we're
setting status to submitting,
we're also setting the selected
flights to null, or
we're setting flight options
when it is a success.
And so these are all clues that we could
use a type states to really reduce
the number of states that we have to set
and the states that we have to manage.
So we're going to, let's, you know,
we have flight data over here,
let's actually add the status
inside here as well.
So this is going to be idle.
And so now we could actually
define our type states.
So we could have type flight
data which includes all of this.
So we have our destination,
departure, arrival and passengers.
But we're also going to be adding,
with an intersection type,
we're going to be adding our different
type states that we could be in.
So just for speed, I'm using Claude.
But we have for example,
idle submitting, error and success.
So we know in success we have
our flight options defined and
we know that in error we might have
an error message over here and
that when we're idle,
our flight options are actually null.
And same thing for submitting,
our flight options are null.
So we don't have those in there.
And so this is a pattern that
if you have common data,
then you might want to use
an intersection type for that.
So you would have all of your common
properties in one object intersecting
with your discriminated
union at the bottom.
And so that way like, you know,
we have flight options null and
you could even.
In fact, it is good practice to
put everything up front here.
So we have flight options and
we have an error.
So we're representing all the possible
values that it could be here, but
we're limiting that when we actually deal
with each of the type states down here.
And so now when we have something,
for example set status submitting,
we can instead set the flight
data to have the status be
submitting the selected flight be null.
And of course the error is
going to disappear too.
And then we no longer
need those variables.
So same thing for
when we actually have a success.
We could reduce these two into
a single set flight data with
the status of success and
the flight options that we have.
>> James Halliday: Maybe you need to
actually type the use state up there for
the set flight data.
It's just according to the object
you pass in right here.
>> David Khourshid: You're right.
Okay, so
[LAUGH] we have that typeState, but
we didn't actually have our
different options over there.
Okay so now it works.
Thank you, we were just missing the type,
that's all, so okay.
Wow, that was an embarrassing mistake,
but hey, type save the day over there.
So yeah that's an example of how you
could use discriminated unions and
type states and also combine related data
to reduce the number of use dates and
also just keep your data more consistent.
Any questions?
>> Male Speaker 3: Just James saying
typescript can be tricky sometimes is
the understatement of the century [LAUGH].
>> David Khourshid: It helps you out but
it also can cost a lot of time but
it's more helpful than it is a burden,
so I do appreciate it.
>> Male Speaker 3: Then we could have
error that even caught the fact that we
didn't include error there.
>> David Khourshid: Exactly.
So that's what I mean about just
keeping your data consistent and
so if we happen to have flight options
here it's going to yell at us and
say wait a minute this
should not be possible so.